# AutoTransfer
This repository contains python code for the GUI software AutoTransfer, which is designed to control the transfer stage (with hardware from Throlabs, Olympus, etc.) inside a regular glove box remotely and intelligently. The general idea is to achieve a fully motorized, automated, and AI-assisted transfer stage in glove box for air sensitive 2D materials integration, with vivid software features tailored for 2D materials device fabrication. With the current version v2.1.7, you can freely use the GUI assited with a remote joystick controller to control the whole transfer process semi-automatically.

The code mainly uses the package ctypes, which is a typical python package to exploit C++ commands. It is divided into several parts: connectivity.py to set the connection with the devices, movement.py to perform jogging, driving, stopping, etc. movements, position.py to report the real-time position of devices, camera.py to connect the camera and manipulate images in real-time, heater.py to connect and manipulate the heater LabVIEW vi, joystick.py to set up the joystick-device thread, transfer.py to set up the AI-assisted automated transer process, and the machine.py to run the backbone of the GUI software, while main.py conclude all these sfotware-hardware interfaces and perform the final executation. globals.py and maths.py are axuiliary codes.

The motor hardwares are Thorlabs KDC motors and KIM piezo, which needs to be called by its original .dll files. The joystick is a Xbox 360 wirelss joystick. The camera is a Basler Ace acA1920-40uc camera, while the microscope objectives are from Olympus.
